select real_name, birthday from Players where nationality != "KR" and
year(birthday) = 1985;

select p.tag, p.real_name, p.nationality, t.team from Players as p,Teams as
t,Members as m where p.game_race="Z" and p.player_id=m.player and m.team =
t.team_id;
or
select p.tag, p.real_name, p.nationality from Players as p inner join Members as
m on p.game_race="Z" and p.player_id=m.player join Teams as t on
t.team_id=m.team;

select tn.name, tn.region, e.prize_money from Earnings as e, Tournaments as tn
where e.prize_money>10000 and tn.tournment_id=e.tournment order by e.prize_money
desc;

select mc.date, tn.name,concat((select tag from Players where
mc.playerA=Players.player_id),"(",(select game_race from Players where
mc.playerA=Players.player_id),") ", mc.scoreA,"-",mc.scoreB," ", (select tag
from Players where mc.playerB=Players.player_id),"(",(select game_race from
Players where mc.playerB=Players.player_id),")") as match_result from Matches_v2
as mc, Tournaments as tn where mc.offline=1 and ((mc.scoreA=0 and mc.scoreB=4)
or (mc.scoreA=4 and mc.scoreB=0)) and mc.tournament = tn.tournment_id;

select p.tag,p.real_name, max(mb.end_date) from Members as mb,Players as p,
Teams as tm where tm.team="ROOT Gaming" and mb.team=tm.team_id and mb.end_date
is not null and mb.player not in (select mb.player from Members as mb where
mb.end_date is null) and mb.player=p.player_id group by p.tag order by p.tag;

select distinct Players.player_id from Players where (Players.player_id in
(select mc.playerA as id from Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments as tn where
tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and mc.scoreA>mc.scoreB and tn.region='EU') AND
Players.player_id in (select mc.playerA as id from Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments
as tn where tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and mc.scoreA>mc.scoreB and
tn.region='AM') AND Players.player_id in (select mc.playerA as id from
Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments as tn where tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and
mc.scoreA>mc.scoreB and tn.region='KR')) or  (Players.player_id in (select
mc.playerB as id from Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments as tn where
tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and mc.scoreA<mc.scoreB and tn.region='EU') AND
Players.player_id in (select mc.playerB as id from Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments
as tn where tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and mc.scoreA<mc.scoreB and
tn.region='AM') AND Players.player_id in (select mc.playerB as id from
Matches_v2 as mc, Tournaments as tn where tn.tournment_id=mc.tournament and
mc.scoreA<mc.scoreB and tn.region='KR')); //working  //slow using “in”


